Update headless.mdx (#3897)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/usage/headless.mdx

cat myAddApiRequest.json | jq -c | amplify add api --headless
```

> ```javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to using `jq`, here's an example nodejs script that adds an api:
```javascript
```

cat myAddApiRequest.json | jq -c | amplify add api --headless
```

> As an alternative to using `jq`, here's an example nodejs script that adds an api:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As an alternative to using `jq`, here's an example Node.js script that adds an API:
```
